okay I'm going to read my old floppy
which I found yesterday using my Android
tablet okay I'm gonna use this floppy
disk drive and these USB if it's a
powered it's got to be powered okay it
is my promise keyboard and I'm going to
connect everything okay so this is my
hub and I'm going to use my
documentation okay I gotta use this
adapter from Samsung
and now let's try to read these one
disease I think right is sorry too
I'm using DOSBox
okay the floppy disk will be mounted on
storages USB SD a cat there it is there
it is the game
this one is 20 years old so let's see if
it works
I hope you like the slow and icy loading
as much as I do
thirty days and it works like a charm
it's perfect
though I must admit it's better than
expected really well hope you enjoyed
this if you have any questions or doubts
feel free to contact me okay
see ya